# Orange-Metro-Train-Air-Surveillance-OMTAS-
“Orange Metro Air Surveillance and Object Detection with support of Delay Tolerant Network” purpose is to identify any object on the rail track of Orange Train by taking pictures of the track and sending it to its node station. There are a total of 27 stations. The distance of one station to the other station is almost 3 km so if the Drone/Quad copter flies almost 1.5 km from its station it needs to transmit the data to its station. But the range of wireless is 500 m. So with the help of Delay Tolerant Networks we will transmit the data that the Drone/Quad-copter has taken after the 500 m. Data will be transmitted as soon as the Drone/Quad-Copter gets back into network range.  

The Orange Train needs regular maintenance check without human intervention over the rails. With detection of objects, tracking and transmission of the taken picture data over the network. Edge detection, combined with learning to identify objects from edges, and storing them into database, to access them from, Web and Android application interface, these all give us a complete solution to cater any accident that could happen if there was manual human check on the railway track. 

The Quad-Copter integrated with raspberry pi 3, will take 10 pictures per second, while flying above the track. The pictures sent over the network will be stored in the database of node-station as temporary storage. Then it will be sent over to primary database. We will have 27 node-stations so each station will send its data to primary node station. The data collected will be processed in Java based Canny Edge Detection filter, which will be trained to find edges in the images and extract objects, based of similarity.  Processed data will be available to the user on Web and Android Smart Phones.
